# Kuiper's Aggregation Model

Currently, NFTs are minted over different blockchains like Ethereum, Binance, Solana, Polygon etc. There exists a plethora of NFT minting web/app platforms like Rarible, Opensea etc. primarily dealing with one blockchain network. In order to mint their NFT, creators make a profile on a particular website and mint NFT on that website. Subsequently, if the creator wishes, s/he can put his NFT for selling or bidding. If the same creator wants to use a different blockchain network to mint his/her next NFT, s/he repeats the same process on another website. In this whole process, different NFTs of the same creators are distributed over different NFT minting websites making it highly inconvenient to showcase his/her creations/collections at one place. This severely impacts the visibility of NFTs to a wider range of audiences.

Similarly, if a buyer or NFT collector wants to purchase an NFT then he has to narrow down on a blockchain network first before choosing a marketplace. It’s a no-brainer that a collector is least concerned with the blockchain network and s/he is chiefly concerned with the Creator of Art, Collector of Art, Type of Art, Category of Art. By limiting the Art Collector to a particular blockchain, the existing marketplaces are not serving the real interest of either the creator or the collector.

Our idea of aggregation brings a smooth and seamless experience for NFT creators, collectors as well as investors. KUIPER platform lists all the NFTs spread over different blockchains at one place. The idea eliminates the cascading effect in the NFT market. Creators will have the choice to list their NFTs minted over different platforms at one platform and buyers will have the option to search all NFTs of their choice at one place. In one way this will help creators to showcase their creations at one place, increase the visibility of their creations and attract more buyers. On the other hand, buyers will have more clarity regarding choosing NFTs of their choice at one place, compare the features of NFTs and more importantly discover the prices of NFT of their choice at one place. This will help creators in getting a good price for their creation and will help buyers in getting an NFT at optimum prices.

In a nutshell Kuiper Aggregator will provide one stop solution to buyers, artists or collectors. To begin with, artists, although having freedom to choose a preferred platform to mint their NFT, will have the option in the form of our creator collection to list their all artworks at one place and attract more buyers and collectors.

NFT creators, holders, collectors shall not require to hop around different NFT platforms to search for their NFT collection. Kuiper Aggregator platform will provide them a single integrated NFT platform to look for NFT of their choice, compare attributes and cost of NFTs and hence help them make a prudent investment decision.

Not only these, Kuiper Aggregator shall provide other NFT minting platforms opportunities to feature their NFTs and attract more audiences to build a scalable and sustainable business.
