# Purpose

While the recent boom in NFT market have paid tremendous dividend to artists who are well verse with the recent developments in the internet sphere, it has literally been aloof for many genuine artists living in faraway places like hills, deserts, countryside etc. Although they are entrusted with awesome creativity which run over generations, they have not been able to attract the investors for their art works. Kuiper reaches out to all those artists and provides them facilities to showcase their unique artworks in the form of NFTs to a large set of visitors and investors which will integrate them in the NFTs ecosystem.

Kuiper Art presents the unique and authentic taste of creativity to the rare art forms existing in the world since ages. Discovery and aggregation of unknown and untouched art forms is at the core of the idea of Kuiper Art. Kuiper aims to create an NFT conglomerate of folk arts directly brought from hinterlands, hillsides, deserts, tribals etc. with the ambitions of covering every nook and corner of the world. Bringing smile to the face of millions of such wonderful and amazing artist family is the primary and ultimate goal. Kuiper Art will mainstream these hidden treasurers through integrating them with the latest developments of blockchain technology.

Kuiper Art is a rare bunch of NFTs released by Kuiper in very limited numbers. The idea of Kuiper Art is to not only integrate the artists but to reward the collectors of these art forms also. While the collectors and investors shall have distinction of being the exclusive holders of such unique artforms in the form of NFT, they shall enjoy special privileges at the Kuiper platform.
